All right, Spy, we ready to race in our
totally awesome street legal cars? Oh,
yeah. Listen to this. Yeah. So, it's
going to be the first person up to the
top of the mountain's going to be the
winner. But, uh uh Kimoto, wait, do you
do you see that up ahead of us? We got
tornadoes, but no, this can't stop our
race. Wait, dude. There's three
tornadoes on the mountain. What do you
mean this can't stop our race? I'm ready
to turn around and go home. I'm already
committed. I I I already drove here. I'm
ready. All right. All right. Well, first
person to the top of the mountain is the
winner. You can have We'll give you two
resets on this one. You can't reset in
place. Okay. Top of the mountain. Are
you ready? Ready. Okay. 3 2 1 go. Wait,
the tornado's coming. It looks like it's
coming this way. Wait, really? I'm in a
cool cinematic camera. Oh, sorry.
You going to cut me off here? By the
way, there might be some jumps and rocks
in the in the track. Uh, the tornado is
definitely getting closer to us. The the
jump is mandatory. Hit the jump.
That was actually bad. My trunk popped
open. Uh, so how am I supposed to handle
the tornado? Oh, rocks in the road.
Rocks in the road. Oh, little
avalanched. Oh no. What do we do? Okay,
what? Okay, this tornado seems to have
veered off into trees, so we're probably
safe from the first one. Okay, I'm going
to angle to the right so power. Oh, it's
got pulling power, dude. It bumped a
bunch of rocks. Oh, sorry. Hi, spy. Am I
your brakes? Remember, you can't reset.
I'm just going to flip myself over.
So, I don't know what the other
tornadoes are. Wait, are they together
right now? Oh, it made one mega tornado.
Uh, they might be. There's twins. I
think they're going to block the road up
here. Oh, no. I technically did reset. I
just flipped my car over with a car
jack. Oh, dude, you're not even that far
behind. But how are we supposed to cross
paths with these things up here? Oh, I
know. I know how to do this. One second.
One second. Wait, what do you mean you
know how to do this? Can you please
explain to me? Elaborate, spot. We need
to off-road. These cars are made for it.
I mean, technically, but I don't think
there's a path. It's coming down. Buy
this thing. Um, spy. How do we uh How do
we You know what? I'm going for it. I'm
going for it. Okay. I'm committed. Hold
on.
I'm back up. Back up. Um, spy. Uh, this
tornado is being a pain in my rear end.
Um, it is quite literally it won't let
me go. Um, I got an idea here. So, we
got to find a way by this thing. Come
on. Come on. Yes. But I love that idea.
That idea was Okay, I'm going to reset
back behind the tornado. We got to come
up with a different strategy for this
thing. Okay, I've used a reset now.
Reset. Boom. Is there another path? I
mean, all we have to do is get up to the
top, right? Yeah. Watch out. Is it
moving or is it just stuck there? I feel
like that one's stationary, so it's
blocking the road, so we have to go
around. Okay. Okay. I'm going backwards.
Okay, I'm going this way. So, whatever
way we get up doesn't matter. It doesn't
matter. You just got to make it to the
summit. There's a house up there and
they got a whole pack of donuts over
there. Is that saying? Okay. Is it Tim
Horton's donuts or Duncan donuts? Uh, do
both. They have Tim Horton's Dunkin.
They merged companies actually. I don't
know if you knew this. Wow. Okay. U Spy,
I'm not sure. Does this actually lead
all the way up or I'm trying it? We
probably should have just turned around.
Um, maybe went the the long way. Maybe.
Oh, yeah. I don't think I'm going up
this. You know what? I'm turning around.
Okay. It was a good good effort. Good
effort.
Oh, yeah. That's good. That's good.
Turning around. Yeah. I blame the
tornado. That's a good effort, too. The
wind speed. Yeah, the tornado totally
did that, too. Oh, jeez. I'm going to
wind up flipping over, too. I don't know
if that counts as a reset or not. Uh,
yeah. I'm going to have to use my final
reset cuz I just broke my tire on the
way down. Gosh darn it. Hi. Hi. I'm just
squished. All right, I'm on my final
reset. Wait, you still have one more
reset after this? Yeah, look, I'm just
squished. Komodo, but look down the
road. That tornado is coming this way.
Wait, did it turn around? I don't know.
Spike, no, those ones are too. The top
ones are moving, too. The way we're All
right, we got to go through. Go, go, go,
go. There's got to be a way up to the
top of the mountain. Gosh darn it.
There's rocks on the road.
Yeah, dodge those. Yeah, those will
definitely Oh, no. This thing is go
back. Go back. I can't turn around. Go,
go, go. Come on, car. I would say you
could probably reset again. Um, spy,
what happens when I made it through?
Wait, the tornado just turned and it's
coming back towards me. Oh, good. Okay,
these tornadoes. Oh my goodness.
Not going to lie, that's the most
terrifying thing I've ever seen. Okay,
I'm just uh I'm running right now,
buddy. I'm trapped between three
tornadoes. Oh, stupid.
So, I might be out. Okay, I think you
get the first point. Hold on. Look at
this. Look at this. Come on. Come on.
And get past it. I should be good. Whoa.
Damn it. I think I'm trying to pick you
up a little bit there. Hit the brakes.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh. I'm still good. Um, you
sure about that? Yep. Look, it still
drives. All right, so we got oursel, I
would say, some better vehicles for the
terrain here, Spy. These awesome trucks.
Same rules except for we're now heading
over to the port area. Oh, just watch
out for the traffic. There's a couple
people running. Yeah, we got people
running from the tornadoes. Okay. I
mean, we're we're running towards the
tornadoes. Yeah, I'm ready. Yeah, we got
the big brain moment going on right now.
We're running towards the tornadoes.
That's supposed That's what you're
supposed to do, right? Only if you're a
tornado chaser, but we're not getting
paid. Yeah, don't quote me on that. 3 2
1 go. Nice. Okay, I'm going to go this
way. Oh my goodness. These things rip.
Yeah, they're a little curb here. Oh,
the tornado is moving.
Uh, yeah, that's scary. Okay, watch out.
Oh, there's a bus coming. Jump the bus.
Oh my goodness. That was I didn't I
didn't see that car. There was a second
car. Oh no. Okay, I got to do my first
Got to do my first respawn. I respawn
back this way. There's the boss. Oh,
it's the Are we allowed to take the
beach to avoid the tornado? Yeah, we got
the vehicles for it. Oh no, it's coming
this way. Jump it. Wait, dude. It flung
another vehicle off. Oh, we got to get
back up, though. That's the only
problem, huh? I think I can do this.
This is not a problem for me. Yeah.
Boom. All right. Uh, I'm back on the
road. I think you can flip yourself if
you need to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No
grabbing, I think, is completely legal.
Oh, no. I've already hit something up.
Yeah, it's like getting out and push
What? There's a second tornado coming
really fast. Oh no. Get off the road.
Get off the road. Oh. Oh, no. Okay.
Nice and slow. Oh no. Oh, that was good.
All right, I might be able to land back
on all fours. No, no, no, no. N. I'm
down on the beach. I'm trying to Okay,
I'm going to have to use a reset here.
Uh, let me reset and place down over
here. Boom. Okay, well, now we're even.
Where are you at? I'm a little behind
you, I think. Oh, there. Is that you? Oh
my Wait, is there another one coming?
There's another tornado. There's another
tornado. See you later. Oh my goodness.
Okay, you said I can flip myself, right,
with no? Yeah, it's it's just like
getting out of your car and pushing it
over with your hands. Yeah, that's
definitely something that I can
accomplish in real life. I just get out,
flip my car over. Gosh darn it. Flip
over, you
stupid. I'm having pro. You know what?
I'm going to use my reset. I'm using the
reset. That's my I'm out of resets now.
Where are you up on the road? Yeah, I
jumped up. Okay, I got to I got to
eventually accomplish the getting up on
the road part. Okay, this might be
easier than I thought. What do you mean
might be easier? What are you saying?
Uh, my truck is No, my truck's a little
broken, but there's no more tornadoes.
Oh, yeah. You know what? Now you're just
taunting the tornadoes. You know what
happens when you taunt tornadoes? Uh,
more tornadoes appear or they get
larger. Exactly. They call their friends
in and next thing you know, there's like
10 of these bad boys flying at us. Okay,
I'm at the refinery. Oh, gosh darn it.
I'm I'm Wait, is this the refiner? I
wasn't even that far behind. Wait, where
are you? I'm just up here.
Well, gosh darn it. I was I was getting
there. Boom.
Wait, is there Oh my goodness. I got to
hit this real quick.
Wow. Yeah.
Okay, Spy, I'll give you the point for
this. I struggled more with flipping my
car over than I did anything else there.
Hey, Spy, you remember uh when you made
fun of the tornado and I told you that
the friends were going to show up? Yeah.
Uh I remember that. Yeah, there's a lot
of them. Also, there's a a very very
large one behind us. So, same same
objective. You do get unlimited resets
because I feel like we're going to die a
lot during this. Yeah, we are. Are you
ready? I'm ready. It's by We We better
just go. Just go cuz the big one's
coming. Oh no. Oh my goodness. Look
behind me. It's right behind me. It's
right behind me. Go, go, go.
I already flipped. I'm just going to
reset right here.
Nobody resets. Watch out.
What is that noise? The bus just burned
me. No. Oh my god. Wait. We have made a
mistake. We have made a grave mistake.
The F5 was too strong.
You know what it was? It was cuz we
didn't have our focus ready. We didn't
Oh, by the way, they just merged with
another one. Wow. That's cool. Oh my.
There's one in the water right now. Oh,
wow. What do you What do you say we give
that another go? Yeah. Maybe uh let's
dissipate this big EF5. Okay, we better
go. We better go. Okay, so the the one
behind us is slightly smaller. Yeah, but
he's fast. Okay. Yeah, that's not Oh,
yeah. Definitely fast. Okay, there's the
bus. Over the
jump. I don't know which way to go.
Wait. Okay. Okay. That's a reset moment.
Okay. Uh I'm taking I'm taking the
beach. I'm taking the beach. Best
solution.
For flying cars. Oh yeah, that's a
problem, isn't it? There's a tornado
right above us. Tornado's right up
there. It tried to get me. Dude, you can
see where it takes the dust trails and
it tries Oh, there's one on the beach by
We got to be careful here because
there's one up above us, too. So, what
I'm going to do is wait for it to pass.
Uh, I'm not waiting for it to pass. I'm
going up. Wait, there's another one.
There's another one. Don't go up there.
Okay. Yeah, don't don't go up there. I
just saw it. I was like, never mind.
There's a car in the sky right now. I
can't even look. Okay. Boom. Okay. Oh,
no. I'm not going to let you. Oh, I got
this. Hey, spy, look up. Wow, he was
straight into the tornado. Oh my god,
that was such a bad idea. Oh no, it's
pulling. I thought that was going to
work. Okay, I'm just going to reset on
the I think Oh, yeah. We We have
unlimited resets, don't we? We got
unlimited resets. Okay, I'm on the road,
but I got to get by the one that just
sucked you up. Yeah, you got to go fast.
Go. All right. Oh my goodness. We might
have dodged most of them. Now we're in
the clear. Now it's a race.
Come on. I'm just going to go on the
beach like this. Boom. Ow. My wheel.
That was my strat. Oh, that looks like
a No, I hit the dude too. Too fast. Oh,
block. Go, go, go, go.
Oh, no. I'm still going. You're in the
water. I don't know how I drove out of
the water there. Oh, no. Oh, no. That's
a That's a rock. I flipped. I flipped.
No
way. All right, you can have that one.
That was so close. That was freaking
intense.
I I liked that. Um, so what I'm
thinking, Spy, don't you do it. I about
to say don't be a sore loser. That was
cool. So what do you say we make the
track bigger? What do you say we have to
drive through the refinery from where we
started and we must make it to the town?
There's a town a little further up the
road. Okay. But tornadoes are calling in
a family reunion now. It's going to get
bigger. It's going to get better. I
thought it was already It was a friend
reunion. Now it's a family reunion. It's
the friend reunion. Now you're calling
the extended family. Even the ones that
you don't like that like the in-laws and
stuff. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to
be bad. All right, spy. It's about to
get intense. I I do warn you there is an
EF6 on the map. Uh it's on the other
side of the island, but it may or may
not be coming this way. Yeah, this looks
terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. So, the
objective is simple. You just got to
make it into the town. You just have to
dodge a ton of tornadoes. Unlimited
resets. First person there wins it. We
go
to Speak English. Hey, you know what?
English isn't my my forte either. Wait,
do we hit the jump? I'm just going to
hit the jump lightly like this. Yeah,
like a little bunny. Oh, boss. Oh, boss.
Oh. Oh my goodness. The bus just ran
right like no remorse right through me.
Really, dude. It's like they're running
from the tornado. They are. Oh my god.
The tornado. Okay, I'm just going to do
a reset. So, the tornado is now on the
other side of me. Wait, they're about to
form one big one. No, this one. It's
fine. I got picked up, but I'm good. I'm
on the beach. Oh my goodness. I have
reset. Thankfully, we have unlimited
resets for the final round. Yep. Oh,
because I may have Wait, you're on the
beach? How is the grip with these slick
tires? It's actually pretty good. But
the problem is is that we have to
eventually go back up there. Yeah,
that's what I'm thinking. Okay, I got a
good spot right here. And I think
anytime you get near the EF6, it's
probably going to There's one up above
us. Okay, there we go. I'm on the road.
It pulled me a little bit. Where are
you? Oh, I see you. Uh, you're down
there. I'm coming. Uh. Oh, no. Wait.
This is the drift spot. Drift. Drift.
This is the drift one. What I'm going to
do, I'm going to
go
ahead. I saw you for a second. I thought
I was going to get beyond it that time.
Okay. So, we got to drift beyond this
one, don't we? Yep. Okay. I'm going to
get I've got you. Hi. I like how this
one decided just not to move. Drift.
Drift. Drift. Drift. This one knows the
assignment. The car is way lighter than
our other one. Hold on. Look at where
I'm going. Go, go, go. I copied you. I
mean, technically, dude, there's one
moving up the mountain in front of us.
Where's it even going? It's looking this
way. Yep. I do. I think they're actively
seeking us now. Come on. I can't believe
Oh, this is the most unpleasant drive
ever in this car. Mine's not bad. I can
hear you. Are you behind me or are you
to the right of me? I'm to the right of
you, but there's a tornado up here. Is
it coming for me? They're coming down
the mountain. They're coming down the
mountain. Go through the forest. Let's
go through the forest. Wait, where are
you? I heard you go through the forest.
Come on. Okay, it's fine. It's fine.
It's fine. Am I near the town? Trees.
There we go. You're in tree. Are you in
the middle of a forest? Boom. All right,
I'm in. Did you make it to the Did you
make it to the town? Wait, am I No, I
just made it up to the hill. Oh, wa. It
drifted me back up. I just now made it
to the freaking port. Wait, I'm not even
there yet. What? Uh, I'm up above it.
I'm on the road above the port. We got a
problem, though. The EF6 is blocking the
whole path. Oh, I don't think we could
go this way. Oh, hi. Oh, hi. I'm on this
road. Look ahead of us. I'm going for
it. Okay, you know what? Gosh darn it.
I'm going for it. Wait. Wait. I already
feel it. Wait. Do you Oh my goodness. I
can feel the back end wobbling. Yeah.
What the heck? How do we do this? It's
coming this way. Uh, we probably should
have went a different direction. Go, go,
go, go, go. You know what? That sounds
good. Let's Let's do that. Just
temporarily. Look at the clouds moving
above us. That means there's some up
here. Oh no, it's pulling me. I think I
I think I spawned in way too many
tornadoes. It might have been This was a
mistake. This was a mistake. Oh, dude. I
think I got to do it. I got to go with I
got to go for it. You got to go for it.
What if it launches you into the town? I
guess where whoever lands the closest,
right? What happens if you never land?
Because you're stuck up in there
permanently.
Well, that seems like a you issue. It
just seems like a very dumb thing. Oh my
goodness. Here we go. I'm going to
launch myself. I see the town. I see the
town is You know what I could do? I
could make it dissipate and we'll see
who lands closer. All right, that sounds
like a good idea. Okay, so what I'm
going to do Oh, the ramps in the
tornado. Huh. Let me find the EF. Do it
before I crash the mountain, please.
Okay, give me Here we go. Boom. Was that
it? Yeah. Okay. on. I've landed. I'm
still going. Hold on. Beach. I'm here.
Wait, you're at the Oh, you kind of
Wait, you landed right by the truck.
That was the tornado. That's the
tornado. The one that's doing the little
uh Wow. kind of going around backwards.
So, spy, if you want to look up in the
forest above the the town, you should
spot some red debris. Um, you know, I'm
pretty close to it. I'm not going to
lie. Okay, I'll give you the point. Oh,
I see you. Like I I feel like you you
know who actually won today? The
tornadoes. Either one of us. The
tornadoes. I'm pretty sure they're the
ones that won the video because that was
probably the most insane thing I think
I've ever done. That That was amazing.
Nature always wins in the